So, guys, welcome back.
Now we will going to discuss certain rules, which you should keep in mind while defining and using
the structures and functions.
So these are the rules which you should keep in mind when you define and structure and use it and when
you declare a function and use it.
Of course, if you don't follow these rules properly, you will end up with compilation errors.
So now let us discuss the rule for structures, for the structure.
There is a simple rule that always defined the structure and then use the structure that is always definition
first and then usage of structure.
So let us understand this with the help of an example.
Suppose you have a high profile, a NorTech, and in this high you have defined two structures that
does imply structure and occupation structure.
Now, let us suppose that there is a source file which has to include this hydrofoil.
Now, we should understand the difference between defining the structure and using the structure.
So here in this example, you can see that object of type of occupation is being used as a member of
structure employee.
So it is a use of the structure occupation, whereas the definition of the structured occupation is
below the definition of structure implied.
Right.
So this is the definition of a structured occupation, whereas in the first case it is the use of a
structured occupation.
Now let us apply the text substitution on this aid or C source file.
The resultant source file that you will obtain is the following source file.
And in this source file you can see that IDOT each file is replaced by its content.
So now you can see that here.
Also, when Compiler will compile this source file from top to bottom, the compiler will encounter
the use of the structured occupation before actually the definition of this is structure and this is
a situation of problem.
The compiler will report compiler error and your and your program will not compile.
So the simple conclusion that you can make here is that that you should always make use of the structure
only after its definition in a source file.
So here you can see that in this header file, the implied structure is actually a dependent structure.
Why?
It is called dependent because it is dependent on the structure occupation, whereas the structure definition
of occupation says that it is independent to structure.
Right, because it does not depend on any other structure, so in the high profile, always the independent
structure definition's comes before the dependent structure definitions.
So the compiler must see the structure definitions first and then its usage, and you can call it as
defined and use thumb rule that is first defined the structure and then use the structure.
So if you want to resolve this compilation error, what you need to do, you simply need to define the
occupation structure first in the file.
And the implied structure should be defined after the occupation.
The structure has been defined in the header file.
So you need to swap the position of definitions of these two structures in IDOT, etc. file.
Also remember that when the compiler compiles the source, while it always compiled the source file
from top to bottom, so the compiler must see the definition of the structures before its usage in the
source file.